README.md, before:

# README
## Getting Started

### Requirements
* Ruby Version >= 2.5.1
* Rails Version >= 6.0.0
* PostgreSQL

### Initial Setup

  * Ensure all requirements have been installed
  * Setup a Postgres Database
    - Create a Database
    - Run `rails db:create`
  * Seed the Database
  - Run `rails db:migrate`
  - Run `rails db:seed`

  * Install Gems
    - Run '`bundle install`

  * Start Rails Server `rails s`

## Testing
Automated Testing is a major part of Mars. Our test suite consists of integration, feature and units tests both on the front-end and the back-end. As a result before any changes/new features are integrated into the `master`  branch, they must be covered by tests and all existing tests must pass.

- `rspec spec` - Runs the Back-End suites

### Back-End

One the back-end, tests are written with [RSpec](https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails).

## Deploying to Heroku

- Install Heroku CLI
  * Sign into Heroku [here](https://www.heroku.com/)
  * Install the (Heroku CLI)[https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli]
  * Login by running `heroku login` in your computer's terminal
- Create Git remotes
  * Staging Remote: Run `git remote add staging https://git.heroku.com/mars-staging.git`
  * Prodution Remote: Run `git remote add mars https://git.heroku.com/mars.git`
- Deploy to Heroku
  * Staging: Run `git push staging master`
  * Production: Run `git push mars master`
- Run Heroku/Rails command by appending `heroku run` to your commands and specifying which app should be affected
  * Staging: Run `heroku run [heroku/rails command] -a staging`
  * Production: Run `heroku run [heroku/rails command] -a mars`

Commit message:

Added Architecture and Trade-offs to the readme file

README.md, after:

# README

## Documentation

### Trade-offs
Since the project was supposed to be completed in 8 hours or less, I couldn’t focus a lot of time on styling i.e., making the UI better-looking. Instead, I focused more on getting the functionality and the tests to work, which I believe I did. I would’ve liked to use React, but given the time constraints, that wasn’t possible.

### Architecture
Since I used Ruby on Rails for this project, I had to follow the Model-View-Controller architecture. From my experience as a software developer, MVC allows for a clean separation of concern since it centralizes the business logic unto the models. The display logic unto the View and the application flow unto the controller. It follows rails convention over configuration, meaning I can iterate faster over functionality rather than configure stuff.


## Getting Started

### Requirements
* Ruby Version >= 2.5.1
* Rails Version >= 6.0.0
* PostgreSQL

### Initial Setup

  * Ensure all requirements have been installed
  * Setup a Postgres Database
    - Create a Database
    - Run `rails db:create`
  * Seed the Database
  - Run `rails db:migrate`
  - Run `rails db:seed`

  * Install Gems
    - Run '`bundle install`

  * Start Rails Server `rails s`

## Testing
Automated Testing is a major part of Mars. Our test suite consists of feature/integration and units tests both on the front-end and the back-end. As a result before any changes/new features are integrated into the `master`  branch, they must be covered by tests and all existing tests must pass.

- `rspec spec` - Runs the Back-End suites

### Back-End

One the back-end, tests are written with [RSpec](https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails).

## Deploying to Heroku

- Install Heroku CLI
  * Sign into Heroku [here](https://www.heroku.com/)
  * Install the (Heroku CLI)[https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli]
  * Login by running `heroku login` in your computer's terminal
- Create Git remotes
  * Staging Remote: Run `git remote add staging https://git.heroku.com/mars-staging.git`
  * Prodution Remote: Run `git remote add mars https://git.heroku.com/mars.git`
- Deploy to Heroku
  * Staging: Run `git push staging master`
  * Production: Run `git push mars master`
- Run Heroku/Rails command by appending `heroku run` to your commands and specifying which app should be affected
  * Staging: Run `heroku run [heroku/rails command] -a staging`
  * Production: Run `heroku run [heroku/rails command] -a mars`
